# The-IADS-Project
The IADS Project is a collaborative "rebuilding" of various Integrated Air Defense Systems in the world utilizing Google Earth Pro.  The idea spawned from the DCS World community and the lack of easily usable data on the location of various Soviet era SAM Sites on DCS World Maps.  What started as one person manually looking for SAM Sites on Google Maps rapidly transpired into a complete rebuilding of the 1980's era Soviet IADS and partial rebuilding NATO IADS with multiple contributors.
# What to Expect 
Weaponized Autism... clearly... because who would take the time to put this all on a Google Earth Pro map?  But what REALLY you get is a Google Earth Pro .KMZ file which contains all known SAM Sites of the Soviet Union and a huge amount of the Warsaw pact sites as well.  Not feeling very red and want a little more blue?  Well, we also have most of the West German Nike, HAWK, and Patriot sites with a few goodies in other NATO or NATO aligned countries.  You also get A LOT of information on EWR sites from both factions.
# Sources
This project uses... HEAVILY, I would add... information from primarily one source:  https://www.ww2.dk/new/pvo/pvo.htm
WW2.DK has some AMAZING information on the Soviet Union PVO (Air Defense Forces).  Much of the information the website has contains GPS coordinates which DRASTICALLY spead up the process of locating SAM sites.  About 85% of the information used to create this file comes from there.  While this site was very helpful, there were occasionally sites which were marked as being something, which we later found out to be inaccurate.  Some of those sites are still marked as "Allegedly" or some other somewhat snarky comment in the pin placed at those locations.  Some of them we were able to locate the real sites nearby.  Some, sadly, did not have coordinates at all and required manually searching through the imagery available to locate.  Regardless, this is singularly the MOST HELPFUL SOURCE we had.
Another exceptionally useful source was Wikipedia... now before you crap the proverbial brick, the particular page used was in refernece to Nike missile site locations.  
